# CS-230

The Gaming Room Client requested a software design for their game Draw It or Lose It. They needed the application to support multiple platforms and ensure scalability, security and efficient memory. The requirements for this application needed to have cross platform compatibility, the use of object oriented principles and distributed networking to allow real time multiplayer gameplay. 
While developing the documentation I think I did well with clearly identifying the design constraints and explainging how design patterns like the Singleton and Iterator would fit into the system. 
The design document was helpful because it forced me to think through the architecture and dependencies before the coding process. By doing this in advance it avoids confusion later. It also helped me consider non functional requirements like security and scalability. 
If I could choose one part of the documents to revise I would pick my ability to realize that I am designing the document to send to the client. Catering to the clients knowledge of what we are trying to get across can help in convincing them to move forward with my recommendations. 
I interpretted the user's needs by ensuring that security features were part of the platform and prioritzing the usability and responsiveness to enhance player experience. Considering these needs is crucial because without the user's needs the software is useless to the user's no matter what. 
I approached designing the software by breaking it down into smaller portions. Starting with the requirements, constraints and then then making the design decisions. Using UML diagrams to visualize structure and flow of the application and design patterns. In the future I would continue to use these strategies mentioned to desing a sound applicaiton. 
